Adding WTM, a rapid development framework supporting Blazor (#491)
AdrienTorris/awesome-blazor: README.md

* [BlazorChifoumi](https://github.com/aboudoux/BlazorChifoumi) - ![last-commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/aboudoux/BlazorChifoumi?style=flat-square&cacheSeconds=86400) Exploring machine learning with a Chifoumi game.
### Mobile
* [Mobile Blazor Bindings](https://aka.ms/mobileblazorbindings) - Experimental Mobile Blazor Bindings - Build native mobile apps with Blazor.
### Rapid Development Framework

> * [WTM](https://github.com/dotnetcore/WTM) - ![stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/dotnetcore/wtm?style=flat-square&cacheSeconds=604800) ![last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/dotnetcore/wtm?style=flat-square&cacheSeconds=86400) A development framework based on .NetCore and EF, it supports Blazor, Vue, React and LayUI with one click code generation for CRUD, Import/Export, etc [WebSite](https://wtmdoc.walkingtec.cn).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [WalkingTec.Mvvm (WTM)](https://github.com/dotnetcore/WTM) - ![stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/dotnetcore/wtm?style=flat-square&cacheSeconds=604800) ![last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/dotnetcore/wtm?style=flat-square&cacheSeconds=86400) A development framework based on .NET Core and EF. It supports Blazor, Vue, React and LayUI with one click code generation for CRUD, Import/Export, etc. [Website](https://wtmdoc.walkingtec.cn).
```
